[getting started]: add esy / nix sections (#27)
melange-re/documentation-site: docs/getting-started.md

## Alternative package managers (experimental)

> Melange can also be used with other package managers. The following instructions
> apply to:
> 
> - [Nix](#nix)
> - [Esy](#esy)
>     - a [Melange project template for
>       esy](https://github.com/melange-re/melange-esy-template) is also
>       available to [start from a
>       template](https://github.com/melange-re/melange-esy-template/generate)

Reviewer: I would just write a small sentence, the reference to the esy template can be moved to the new esy section. e.g.

```suggestion
Melange can also be used with other package managers. The following instructions
apply to [Nix](#nix) and [esy](#esy).
```

(I use lower case for esy to follow the style in [the official site](https://esy.sh/docs/en/what-why.html))

`flake.nix` illustrates how to set up a Melange development environment.

```nix
{
  description = "Melange starter";

  inputs = {
    flake-utils.url = "github:numtide/flake-utils";
    nixpkgs.url = "github:nixos/nixpkgs";

    # Depend on the Melange flake, which provides the overlay
    melange.url = "github:melange-re/melange";
  };

  outputs = { self, nixpkgs, flake-utils, melange }:
    flake-utils.lib.eachDefaultSystem (system:
      let
        pkgs = nixpkgs.legacyPackages.${system}.appendOverlays [
          # Set the OCaml set of packages to the 4.14 release line
          (self: super: { ocamlPackages = super.ocaml-ng.ocamlPackages_4_14; })
          # Apply the Melange overlay
          melange.overlays.default
        ];
        inherit (pkgs) ocamlPackages;
      in

      {
        devShells.default = pkgs.mkShell {
          nativeBuildInputs = with ocamlPackages; [
            ocaml
            dune_3
            findlib
            ocaml-lsp
            ocamlPackages.melange
          ];
          buildInputs = [ ocamlPackages.melange ];
        };
      });
}
```

To enter a Melange development shell, run `nix develop -c $SHELL`.

> ### Esy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [esy](https://esy.sh/)
```

> First, make sure `esy` is installed. `npm i -g esy` does the trick in most

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, make sure `esy` is [installed](https://esy.sh/docs/en/getting-started.html#install-esy). `npm i -g esy` does the trick in most
```

setups.

> The following is an example `esy.json` that can help start a Melange project.

Reviewer: This might be a good place to add the reference to the template:

```suggestion
The following is an example `esy.json` that can help start a Melange project. A
[project template for esy](https://github.com/melange-re/melange-esy-template)
is also available if you prefer to [start from a
template](https://github.com/melange-re/melange-esy-template/generate).
```

```json

> {

Author: this won't work without resolutions until dune / melange are published to opam, but I don't think we need to worry about that now that the release is impending.

  "name": "melange-project",
  "dependencies": {
    "ocaml": "4.14.x",
    "@opam/dune": ">= 3.8.0",
    "@opam/melange": "*"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "@opam/ocaml-lsp-server": "*"
  },
  "esy": {
    "build": [
      "dune build @melange"
    ]
  }
}
```

Run:

1. `esy install` to build and make all dependencies available

> 2. `esy shell` to enter a melange development environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `esy shell` to enter a Melange development environment
```
